Hey, good morning family.
Thank you for joining me today.
Well, there is a lot going on, isn't there?
The whole Trump tariff thing is really shaking some things up, stirring some things up, and people ask, "Brandon," through emails and through wherever they are.
It's been amazing.
People are freaked out and asking, "Should we store food?
Should we buy water?
Should we buy guns?
Should we do this?
" Listen, you should not do anything by watching a video.
What you should do is pray and ask the Holy Spirit what you should do for your finances and for your life.
I told you all I hear in part and I see in part.
When the things that I see start coming up in the news, I bring the old videos out because I have so many trolls saying that I'm making stuff up, and so I'm just showing, "Hey, I do see stuff and the Lord's showing me these things.
" And they say, "Are you a prophet?
" I say, "No, I'm not a prophet.
I'm a watchman.
" I've told you all this.
I'm called to pray.
And I believe the Lord shows me as a watchman on the wall, looking out on a horizon seeing what's coming towards the camp.
"Hey, this is what I see coming.
" And so far there's a lot of accuracy.
Have a lot of the things I've seen not come to pass?
Yes, there's a lot of things that I've seen that have not come to pass yet.
But the things that I've told you so far—some of those things you've seen in the news.
So they go, "Well, what's this mean now?
" Honestly, I pray none of this that I've seen comes to pass.
And you can point fingers at me, call me false all day long, and say he's making stuff up or whatever, but I'm here to tell you, we have to pray for what I've seen about China and the trade wars because it's about medical.
They get so irritated and so frustrated with the escalation of this that they start saying, "We're not giving you medicines and things like that.
" That's what I saw.
Now, is that for you to get scared about?
No.
It could not happen.
If we pray and we ask the Father to intervene in this and pray for these trade wars to deescalate and fall apart and that they come to an agreement, then it's all over.
Wouldn't it be?
I mean, the ultimate goal is not for this to keep going and going and getting out of control and then we go, "Oh, no.
" Everything I told you—I saw stores that were not able to get merchandise back and forth throughout all the Targets and all the Walmarts and all the Costcos and the Sam's Clubs, and that they had to take everything out of one store and put it in another store because they had to shut that store down because they couldn't get the supplies.
The things I see, if you look at it in the natural, it will scare you.
It will really freak you out.
But if you keep your eyes on Him, if you keep your eyes vertical and you keep looking at the Father and praying over this stuff, knowing that we have authority, it shouldn't freak you out.
Now, I have a lot of people all freaked out, and my job right now is I'm diffusing it to say, "Listen, the sky's not falling.
" Yes, I saw this.
Yes, what I saw about the trade wars and the things coming.
We should pray.
That's what we're here to do.
So, can we change it through prayer?
I believe so.
All things are possible to him who believes.
I believe that every believer has the authority of the believer inside of him.
We have the power and authority that Jesus has given us.
That as He is, so are we in this world.
And if Jesus can cause peace to the storms, we can call peace to the storms.
We are made in the image of God and we are joint heirs of Jesus Christ.
And I believe that we can do those things.
Some people don't believe it, but I believe we do.
So if you want to watch me, fine.
If you don't want to agree with it, that's on you.
I know I have all kinds of different beliefs, but I want to tell you this.
People ask, "Brandon, what are you doing right now?
Are you storing up food?
Are you doing all this?
" No, I'm not.
I am not getting in fear and going out to the grocery store and buying $10,000 worth of groceries and going, "Well, I've got it all in the garage, and I've got it out here and it's going to get hot in the summer and then next thing I know it's spoiled.
" I'm not doing that.
The Holy Spirit didn't tell me, "Brandon, you should go out and buy a freezer full of meat at Sam's tomorrow.
" He may tell you to do that; He may not.
But you have to just follow Him for your household.
He may say to you, "Go get water.
Go get this.
Go get that.
" I don't know where you live.
I don't know if you live in a major apartment complex with 500 people around you—I have no idea, folks.
If I lived in Orlando or if I lived in Tampa or a major city that I saw all those people and it's so packed full of people, I might have four or five days' worth of extra food.
I live in a little bitty town with not a lot of people and a lot around us is farmers—a lot of farmers and a lot of people growing tomato plants and squash in the summer.
I can go down to the local farmers market and stock up every single week and get fresh vegetables around here with apples—not oranges, but apples—and peaches and pears in the fall and toward the late summer.
There's all kinds of stuff around here.
So, am I freaked out about food?
No.
There's tons of food around here; we have farmers everywhere.
Now, if I lived in Chicago, it might be a different story.
I don't know.
But I have to tell you, am I afraid?
People said, "Should I pull my money out of my bank?
" I don't know what you should do.
All I saw was the things I see and I relay it and I tell you what I see.
Is that for you?
That's for you to pray about.
I do not want this stuff I see to come to pass.
It's like people go, "Well, good for you, Brandon.
It came to pass.
" No, that means it's a prayer fail.
In my opinion, if I see something that's drastic and I come on here and tell you about it and it happens, we failed.
Now, I know some of the things we can stop and some of the things we can't.
I know we are in the last of the last days and I told you we're going to see major things coming, but some of the things I believe we can stop.
And so that's my main job: to always pray and ask the Father to change it, just like Abraham.
He came and He told Abraham what He was going to do and they had a conversation about it.
And if you are a friend of God and you are joint heirs with Him and He comes and talks to you, He'll tell you what He's going to do before He does it.
Just because we're friends—you tell your wife everything, don't you?
Usually, if you have a good marriage, or your wife tells her husband everything, right?
So, the Father, it's like a marriage; we talk and we're friends.
And so, that's the way I look at it every day.
I just go, "Hey, Lord, what's going on today?
" Just like I did with New Orleans and the shooting or Trump's ear, the economy crashing afterwards.
We're seeing those things.
It's happening.
Do I believe we have a window still?
People ask, "Brandon, you said we had a window.
You said we had a window of four years.
Where'd that four years go, buddy?
" This is what I want to say back to you: it's a four-year window of grace.
I believe at the end of that four-year window—I don't know, because I'm not going to assume, add to, or take away from anything that He's saying—but a four-year window to me is a four-year window before He comes.
That's what I have in my heart: that He's getting ready to come that quickly.
He said it's one last call, and He's leaving the ninety-nine to go after the one.
He's looking for the sinner in the way-back fields.
That's what He's after right now.
How long does it take to get all those in?
I have no idea.
People are like, 'We need to get out of here right now.
' Listen, North Korea has not been evangelized yet.
Has North Korea been radically taught the word of God?
My son told me there's 40-some million people in North Korea that have never heard—a lot of them have never heard the gospel.
Is that fair?
No, that's not fair.
There's a lot of people in China that are still so bound because they're underneath the Iron Curtain that they have not heard yet, and Vietnam and all these other places.
There's a lot of people that have not had the opportunity to hear the gospel.
I know that the Lord is the Lord of the harvest, and His heart is for the souls.
His heart is the harvest.
Regardless of what everybody wants—to go, 'Well, I'm tired.
I'm ready to get out of here'—listen, I want to occupy until He comes.
So, the four-year window to me is an extension of grace.
Will we still see birthing pains?
Yes.
I'm believing—and I told you all I believe when I've prayed and I've heard the Lord—that we will have a wealth transfer laid up for the righteous.
If you're listening, not everybody's going to participate in this.
Oh, I don't know.
I pray I do.
Honest to goodness, you all.
Am I qualified for it?
I don't know.
I pray and I ask Him, 'Father, make me right before You that I would be able to be used by You.
That if You want to give me an idea to get wealth, then Father, to help bring forth the gospel, to do something for Your kingdom, to support people, to help them, then Father, search me and know me.
' If I'm not qualified and I mess up, Father, then if it's going to cost me my salvation, if this is going to cost me my marriage, if this is going to cost me my children and we can't handle it, then by all means, Lord, remove that from me because I would rather have nothing than lose my soul to money, to mammon.
But if He can trust me and He can look at me and say, 'Brandon, okay.
' And He said, 'You may not be able to handle a billion dollars, son, or a million dollars.
I'll give you this.
' I don't know.
All I know is I seek Him.
And as I seek Him, I will find Him.
The Bible says that, and all the other stuff will be added unto me as I seek Him.
And if He sees that I can handle it, fine.
And if He says, 'Brandon, I need you to plant a big garden this summer in the next couple of days'—I mean, He may tell me.
I don't know.
I'll go out there and say, 'Braden, let's go outside and get the ground till up.
' I mean, that's what we'll do.
I just obey Him.
And He may say, 'Brandon, you need to have some cash on hand.
You may need to have some ones on hand or some fives or some tens or twenties.
' I don't know.
Whatever He tells you to do, do it.
I was thinking about when Mary pulled on Jesus and she was putting a mandate on that anointing on His life before it was time.
And she went to Him and she said, 'Jesus, will you help the bride and bridegroom make the wine?
Can you help him?
' Basically, so He said, 'It's not My time yet.
' But her putting a mandate on that anointing that was on His life, knowing who He was, brought it forth and He started walking in it.
It's putting a demand on the anointing that brings forth the giftings.
Look what happened to that feast: Jesus showed up and He showed off.
And I believe as we put a demand on it: 'Father, You are our provider.
You're Jehovah Jireh.
' I believe that You take care of the lilies of the field and the birds of the air.
How much more will You take care of me as you put a demand on it?
If He took care of water and turned it into wine, how much more will He?
We don't need a drink; maybe all I need is some groceries.
If Mary could put a mandate on the anointing and pull, and know and believe and stretch out her voice to Him as a mother and say, 'I know You can.
Will You?
Thank you for doing this'—and He's like, 'Out of compassion.
' If He had compassion for them, how much more will He have compassion for you?
Will you just trust Him and say, 'I believe You're going to take care of me in these end times regardless of what I see on the stock market'?
Regardless of what I see with tariffs, if the Lord tells you to do—remember what Mary turned to the servants and said, 'Whatever He tells you to do, do it.
' It was an act of obedience immediately to go and bring forth as she was pulling on it and putting a mandate on it and saying, 'Help us.
' Then it was obedience to what He instructed to bring it to pass of what they were believing for.
And here the wine came and God showed up and showed off.
But it was obedience.
So as we put a mandate on it: 'Father, You're going to take care of us.
' I believe it.
You've got my life.
I'm not going to stress out and worry about any of this.
But if He speaks to you and He says, 'All right, I know I'm going to take care of you, but I want you to go down and put the water in the jugs,' and you say, 'Well, I thought You were just going to show up and show off and do it'—well, just do it.
Whatever He says to do, do it.
Even if it's a can—if He says, 'Billy Joe, I want you to go down to the Walmart store and buy five cans of green beans,' okay, go do it.
And then all of a sudden, you go in your cupboard and you put those green beans inside there—those five cans—and you open it up the next day and there's thirty cans.
He's the God of multiplication.
He will be the God of the fishes and the loaves to you.
Well, I only have enough for five cans.
It doesn't matter.
He had enough to turn the fishes and the loaves and multiply and feed thousands.
How much more can He do it for you?
I refuse to get in fear over all the end-time stuff.
I refuse to let the circumstances of staying horizontal, looking at things going, 'Man, what are we going to do?
' and say, 'No, I take the care out of my prayer and I put my eyes on Jesus regardless of how much I have in my cupboard or my pantry or whatever I've got in my bank account.
' If I've got $500 in there and I go, 'Man, all I've got is $500,' God is a God of multiplication.
I told you the stories that I have that God takes a little bit of nothing and turns it into the fishes and the loaves and we're able to pay our bills for the whole month with eBay and Poshmark.
We'll get down and we'll go, 'Well, what are we going to do?
' Trust God.
Trust God.
And that's what we've done over and over and over and He always comes through.
I look back at my kids' videos even tonight of what we were like ten years ago when Braden was little, and I wasted so much time worrying and fretting about how I was going to make the electric, how I was going to pay the water bill, how I was going to pay the gas, how I was going to make my car payment.
I worried so much as a father that it ate me up and drove me always to be in that state of care and that state of worry every single day that it robbed me of their childhood because I wasn't able just to sit back and relax because I was always thinking, 'How am I going to take care of all these kids?
How am I going to take care of this wife?
I don't have an education.
I don't have all this.
What are You going to do for me, Lord?
' Oh God, how are you going to take care of me?
That was the way it was.
When Megan was diagnosed and through all the things we’ve had going on, I said, 'Lord, how are you going to do this?
' But God has always provided.
It may not have been as much as I thought I should have, but he always took care of us.
Even if it wasn't what I really wanted or I didn't get to wear what I wanted, he always took care of me.
It was just a simple act of trusting.
I remember the days when I told you I was excited to find shoes at Payless for the kids.
You just have to be thankful and walk in the thanksgiving for what he has provided.
As you walk in thanksgiving and give him glory for everything he has done, he shows up and shows off with more.
I believe that's where we are.
People ask, 'Where are you at, Brandon?
' That’s where I’m at.
I trust God, I stay vertical, and whatever he says to do, do it.
Just like Mary said, 'Whatever he says to do, do it.
' In closing, people said, 'I thought you saw Kim Jong-un removed.
I thought you said in your last vision you saw a bomb going off on the border.
' Yes, I did.
Kim Jong-un was trying to be buddy-buddy with China and Russia.
They were trying to bring South Korea into the pact by influencing their government and taking Taiwan back, making a stronger front for China because they're desperate.
People say, 'You said you saw Kim Jong-un be removed.
What happened with that?
' I believe God is going to give an opportunity for the North Korean people to find him, so they don't all go to hell because they never heard the gospel.
I believe God is just and he will bring justice to the injustice, and he will expose and remove Kim Jong-un one day.
He will do the same with his sister.
Just like he did with Pharaoh, he will lead his people out of bondage again and give them a time to hear what the Spirit of the Lord is saying.
People may not agree, but I believe God is a God of mercy.
We are running out of time and coming to the end of things.
You ask, 'What did you think about the eclipse, Brandon?
' I believe it's more than finances.
I get caught up in what I say; I’m not the best speaker.
I go over these videos many times in my mind beforehand because people are mean to me and I try hard to say the right things.
As I said, I try with the words.
Diana often says, 'You meant to say this, Brandon,' when she's sitting next to me.
She doesn't want to interrupt my flow, but I’d rather she did because I say certain words while meaning something else.
In my mind, it’s right, but it comes out differently.
That’s when people say, 'Well, you said this,' and I realize I didn’t mean it that way.
If you truly knew me, you'd know I try really hard.
I'll say it again, and I hope my son helps me.
I’ve told him, 'Please correct me if I mess up.
' What I saw regarding the eclipse in April happened a year ago.
That Tuesday, yesterday, was part of a window of opportunity for the shifting of finances.
He said, 'Pay attention to Israel and Iran in the days ahead.
' This is the part I left out.
People say, 'You messed up on the six-month window.
' I was talking about the period from November to April.
That’s a six-month window.
It’s at the end.
The Lord said, 'I have been monitoring the hearts.
I am watching to see how they drink and how they come unto me.
' Regarding the river, the Lord told me, 'I'm watching the people who have lost themselves in me.
' He said those who are not ashamed of how they drink or how they minister to those on the street corners—those who don't worry about being dignified or flowing a certain way, but are just lapping up the water because they want more of Jesus.
From the election to where we are now, he’s looking at the heart of America.
Have the people forgotten what he's already done?
Have they let go of the rope?
He said many have.
There is a pride that has set in again.
He said, 'They have had stiff necks towards me, Brandon.
There will be a shaking to awaken, for America will be humbled.
Through this, I will bring a great revival back to your shores.
' How do you get people's attention?
Through their pocketbooks.
Money is America's god, along with the lust of the flesh.
We have to get soul-driven.
I know many of you watching are after souls and want people to come to Jesus.
I'm excited you're here because that's what I'm after.
People ask, 'Where's the revival, Brandon?
' I don't know where the full manifestation is yet, but I know it will come out of pressure.
He's given us a window.
I’m believing in an 'all hands on deck' experience where people take this seriously and minister to those in Walmart or wherever they are.
Not being Bible-beating, but just loving on people and showing the love of God.
Let’s take communion and pray together.
Ask the Father what you should do for your household.
Don’t act out of fear—don't just rush to buy survival food or a well.
Follow the voice of the Lord.
The Lord said there will be great droughts where we live and that we'll need a well.
I don’t have a well yet; I priced one and it’s a lot of money.
But you believe God; that’s what you do.
I don’t freak out.
I say, 'God, I have a need, so I sow a seed and believe for my harvest.
' Lord, you’ll provide a well if you want me to have one.
I say, 'Lord, this is your bill, not mine.
' If you want me to have a well, you’ll provide the well.
If you want me to have a house in the woods, you'll provide it.
I'm not going to freak out.
You can easily start asking, 'What about this or that?
' No.
Peace.
I ain't doing all that.
I'll go find a creek and get a five-gallon bucket of water and boil it if I had to.
You know what I'm saying?
I mean, seriously, I'm an old country boy.
I just go out and find an old pond.
It may be dirty looking, red water up here in Oklahoma, but you go up there and get it with those LifeStraws and drink it out of there.
I mean, seriously.
There's plenty of little water patches around here.
You just go out there and find a LifeStraw.
I don't know, and maybe do something.
I probably should study it before I say all that because I have no idea.
I know LifeStraw is supposed to work, right?
The commercial says it did.
When I saw it before, they could be lying to me, though.
I'd probably go there and say, 'You go out there and drink it,' and then your brain's like, 'Raise the dead.
Get up, Dad.
' No, that'd be terrible.
These gimmicks—there's a lot of gimmicks online, so you have to really be careful with some of this stuff.
But you know, it was really cool because this one sister reached out to us and showed us these Tower Gardens.
That was one of the things we're doing.
That's why I have to be real with that.
A Tower Garden grows vegetables all year round and it keeps them fresh.
You can grow tomatoes, lettuce, cucumbers, all kinds of stuff in there.
And it just grows out of a little peat pod thing, and the lights shine on it, and it grows vegetables all year round.
It's a Tower Garden and it's brilliant and it produces a lot of vegetables.
So if we got two of them, it produces enough for you and maybe some extra as long as you keep it going.
So what I'm trying to say to you is that there are ideas, because I thought, 'Man, how do you have all this?
' Who wants to eat that MRE food all the time?
What about some fresh vegetables?
So, I'm always trying to think about things.
How do you cook some of this stuff if things were really to go that bad?
Because it's nasty and it ain't healthy.
Some of this stuff's not healthy.
So, you start thinking about all that stuff and I just go, 'Well, you know,' so in my mind wondering about things, I think about Tower Gardens.
I don't know.
There's a freebie.
Father, we just come before you boldly and we put all our needs—all the stuff that we see on CNN, Fox, and MSNBC, and on this channel—I don't want to freak people out.
All I want to do is call them to pray.
That's all I'm doing is saying, 'Pray.
Pray.
' My job is to call people to prayer—a call to prayer, not a call to fear.
I'm never going to bring you to fear.
You say, 'Well, you're scaring me.
' No.
I want to call you to pray, not fear.
My job is: 'Fear tolerated is faith contaminated.
' Being in fear is not God.
Perfect love casts out all fear.
Period.
And I believe in the power of this covenant and I believe that he'll take care of me.
So, Father, I thank you, Lord, that you said you would.
And regardless of where we are on this earth—there's so many in Africa, so many all around, and there's so many different beliefs on here—I believe, Father, that no matter who we are or what we believe, as long as we believe in Jesus, and that he died on the cross, and he rose again on the third day, and he's seated at the right hand of the Father, and I confessed him to be my Lord and Savior, and that you wrote my name in the Lamb's Book of Life.
I was baptized in church.
You'll take care of me.
I believe that God has a hand on me and I take this body because you say take it often in remembrance of you, Lord.
So I believe, Father, that you've got my life and you'll take care of us.
And we take this body right now in the name of Jesus.
Lord, you were wounded and you forgive us, Father.
Forgive us of our sins.
You said if we confess our sins, you are faithful and just to forgive us of our sins and cleanse us from all unrighteousness.
And I take this blood right now in the name of Jesus.
And I lift up the cup of the covenant before you, Father.
Forgive me, Father, of my sins.
Wash me in your blood, Father.
I've come short so many times, and every single time I don't run from you, I run to you.
You know all that I need before I even need it.
And Father, I thank you for the blood.
And I apply the blood of Jesus over my life right now in Jesus' name.
From the top of my head to the soles of my feet, I plead the blood of Jesus.
Thank you, Lord.
Thank you, Father.
Lord, you're so good to us.
Thank you, Father, for all that you've done and all that you're going to do.
You're so good to us.
And whatever you say to do, we do it.
Just like Mary said, 'Whatever he tells you to do, do it.
' We'll do it, Father.
We will hear your voice and a stranger's voice we will not follow.
We'll follow you, Father.
And we're not going to be led by our emotions or by our flesh and be all stirred up about things.
We're going to be filled by you and going to be controlled by you because God, we yield ourselves to you and you're a gentleman.
And Father, we take captive our thoughts and we bring them under the obedience of the word.
And Father, we plead the blood over our minds today and we say, 'Peace, sisters, peace.
Peace.
No fear.
Perfect love casteth out all fear.
We're not to be in fear.
We're called to pray.
' Father, I thank you, Lord, for this trade war that will cease.
Father, I know some of this stuff has to take place for the end times.
But it will not touch our medical supplies.
Xi Jinping will not touch the medical supplies.
He'll have morals concerning this or our medical anesthesia or anything that comes out of China that we depend on for medical or our supplies.
Father, we call a de-escalation of this trade war in the name of Jesus.
And we say this will not take place.
We call peace to it and that there'll be fair trade with America and fair trade with China.
Fair trade all around the world, Father.
And that America, we're not bullies.
They will not be bullies.
But Father, we set standards that we're not taking advantage of either.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that there's a change of things in Jesus' name.
We call a change of things in Jesus' name.
Father, we pray over our economy that things will turn around.
Father, that we'll not have lines down the road for no food.
That, Father, that we'll not have bank runs and people lining up taking all the money out like it was in 'It's a Wonderful Life.
' Father, we'll not have that kind of stuff.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that people will be peaceful and levelheaded when it comes to the markets and all this stuff.
I know, Father, that you told me that we're stepping into the beast system soon and this is part of it.
So, Father, I thank you, Lord, that as believers, we are believing believers that hear you and we know exactly what you want us to do before we're supposed to do it.
We're going to hear you.
We're going to know ahead of time.
We're not going to be worried.
We're not going to be caught off guard, Father.
We'll be like Abraham sitting up there and going, 'Father, what's going to happen in the future?
Tell us what's coming so that we're always in the right place at the right time doing exactly what you want us to do,' and we're not Lot sitting down there in Sodom and Gomorrah going, 'I wonder,' not even having a clue what's coming in 24 hours.
I do not want to be Lot.
Father, help me to be like Abraham that knows ahead of time what's coming.
Thank you, Father.
And that's what I pray.
You pray that, too.
Help me to be like Abraham, to be exactly where I need to be when I need to be there.
Father, I plead the blood of Jesus over every single person that is represented here, over their marriage, over their children, over their households, and we plead the blood of Jesus over them in Jesus' name.
Father, they have peace that passes all understanding.
I thank you, Lord, that they're always in the right place at the right time.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that they have a covenant with you.
And Father, I thank you that you'll multiply the fishes and the loaves in their lives; no matter how much they have or how much they don't have, Father, you will provide for them.
You're the God of more than enough; regardless of our circumstances, you are more than enough.
And you will provide just like you do for the lilies of the field and the birds of the air.
I believe, Father, that you will take care of me.
I believe today, Father, that you've got my life.
And we're encouraged today because we're lifting our heads up vertically and we're looking at you today and saying, "God, I know that you know what I need.
You know everything that I need regardless of what is.
" And if I sow a seed, you'll take care of the need.
I refuse to be a hoarder; I'm a giver.
And as I give, it shall be given unto me: good measure, pressed down, shaken together, and running over will men give unto my bosom.
I believe that the wealth of the sinners is laid up for the righteous, and they may not even know why they're doing it.
I have favor everywhere I go.
I've got favor because goodness and mercy are following me all the days of my life.
And I'm dwelling in the house of the Lord forever, and I'll not be moved by what I see or what I feel.
Goodness and mercy are following me; they're chasing me down and running me over.
And as goodness and mercy follow me, people are looking to do something good for me today—even if it's a free drink of something.
Who knows?
I'm just believing for goodness and mercy to follow me.
They say, "Hey, I want to buy you lunch" or "I want to buy you a dinner.
" Somebody's going to be a blessing to me today; they're going to open the door for me.
Who knows?
That's a blessing.
I rejoice in the small things and I rejoice in the big things.
God, you've got it, and you're going to take care of me.
Favor is following me everywhere.
I am a man of great favor; I have great favor on my life.
My wife is favored of the Lord.
My children are favored of the Lord above everybody else.
You have to say, "I'm God's favorite child.
" Just keep saying that: "I'm God's favorite child.
" God is no respecter of persons, ladies and gentlemen, but I want to say it: I'm one of God's favorite children.
Say it.
That's not arrogant; I just believe it.
God loves me.
He loves my son, he loves my daughters, he loves us, and he loves you.
Say it: "My Father loves me.
" You have to say it.
You might say, "Well, God's mad at me.
" No, God's not mad at you.
God's not up there going, "Well, I'm going to look at Robert or whoever it is over there and hit him in the head with my stick when he gets up here.
" No.
Goodness and mercy are following me all the days of my life, and I will dwell in the house of the Lord forever.
Goodness and mercy are following me; goodness and mercy are following you.
And I believe it.
I receive the favor of God on everything I put my hands to.
God, I thank you, Lord, that you're the great God, Jehovah, and you always provide for us.
So, that's where we stay.
And Father, you're the restorer of everything the cankerworm has eaten—in your 401ks, the stock market, and all the things that are going on right now.
You may have lost a lot of money in your retirement account.
Satan, the Bible says that the Lord is a rebuker of the devourer.
Now I say, Lord, I thank you that you're rebuking the devourer.
And I call back sevenfold everything you stole out of my retirement account.
You're going to pay me back in this lifetime.
In this lifetime, I call back everything you stole and I call a turnaround over my retirement account.
Say it: "I call a turnaround over the stock market.
I call a turnaround over my crypto.
I call a turnaround over my land or my housing or whatever may have lost value.
" I call back value into that.
Call it in.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that you're going to provide for me again.
If God did it once, he will do it again.
Just like it was whenever Isaac dug the wells.
Isaac dug the wells in famine.
God did it once, and he will do it again.
He dug the wells again, and the Philistines and the bad people filled them up with dirt.
God blessed me once, and he will do it again.
He dug the wells and he kept blessing them.
Do you believe it?
Even if the well of your provision seems to have dirt all on top of it, God blessed me once and he will do it again.
Regardless of if my well got all messed up with this stock market and all that's going on right now, God blessed me once and he will do it again.
He's going to turn it around, and I call back sevenfold everything the devil stole in the name of Jesus.
And you let go of my money!
Let go of it!
Now, Father, I thank you, Lord, that the wealth of the sinners laid up for the righteous is going to turn around.
I don't panic.
I don't get all freaking out, saying, "Oh, the sky is falling.
We're going to zero.
" No, no.
I believe that you're going to give me wisdom.
I believe I hear you like a clock tick.
I hear you, Father; you will speak to me and show me the bottom of Tesla stock and that kind of stuff.
I'm going to seek you: "What is the bottom of it?
How low can it go?
" People are freaking out about it.
They tell me, "Brandon, you should do this.
" I ain't moving until the Holy Ghost tells me to do anything.
People talk about stuff all the time, telling me things.
I don't want to hear you; I need to hear him.
And if I miss out, I miss out.
But if he doesn't talk, I ain't doing nothing.
I don't care what it is.
If he said, "Brandon, don't tell nobody to do this," I'll do it.
But I'm not going to listen to people try to tell me what to do because the Bible says, "Take no counsel from the ungodly.
" and I'm not going to listen to somebody that is ungodly try to give me counsel.
I only want to hear what the Holy Ghost is saying.
And if I don't hear him right, then I'm going to pick myself up and I'm going to try again; and if I mess up, I'm going to try again.
You know, we're all a work in progress, and none of us are going to hear it perfect all the time.
Me, I don't.
But I'm going to tell you this: I try.
That's why I keep going back to him.
"Father, I missed that.
I missed it.
" I've missed it in the past, folks; I've missed it.
I don't know if I've missed it recently because you haven't had time to see, but I've tried and I keep seeking him.
That's all you can do; as you bump your knees on the ground, you pick them up and you brush them off and say, "Father, help me.
" Mine is just more public.
If I miss a beat, they're ready to throw eggs at me.
They want to drag me through the tar and hit me with sticks because it's so public for me.
It's very uncomfortable.
But I do it for him, and I try.
I keep looking at him and saying, "God, if I miss it and they want to throw eggs at me, then I'll take the egg.
" All I can tell you all is I can honestly tell you I try, and it may not always come out right and it may mess up sometimes, but I love Jesus and I appreciate the grace anytime I do.
You know what?
You all show up every time and we pray.
We lift up the name of Jesus.
And that's what I try to tell y'all.
Let's pray.
We lift up the currencies and all the things going on—the trade wars, the scorpions, and King Charles.
Everybody said, "What did you see about all the new stuff?
" It was too beautiful to talk about.
But I'll tell you, I saw people that were all of a sudden translated into that new earth from wherever they were.
And all of them were touching the grass for the first time.
And the glory of the Lord was on those people.
And they all had robes on.
Some of them had garments across them that were red.
Some of them were blue.
Some of the robes were colorful—more colorful than others—with purples, all kinds of different colors.
But everybody there had a thick robe on.
Some of them looked like gowns, but they all looked very young and everybody's hair was perfect.
Everybody's skin was perfect.
None of them looked like they had anything wrong with them.
They were all perfect weights; no obesity.
There was nothing wrong with the people that I saw whenever they went to this place in that vision I had last time.
It was the most beautiful, spectacular thing I've ever seen in my life.
Without words, I could have stayed there for hours where I was in the spirit.
They were coming out of the trees, but when they all showed up, they all showed up at once.
It wasn't like "beam me up, Scotty," you know, like Star Trek, but they were all there at one time and everybody was on the earth.
They were feeling the grass and they were sitting in the atmosphere and they were looking at the trees.
Everybody was pointing things out and birds were flying all above in the atmosphere.
There were literally hundreds of beautiful white birds and all-colored birds, and there were massive birds.
The sky was full of beautiful colors—purples and pinks.
It didn't look like our sky now that's completely blue.
The sky looked like it had a different kind of atmosphere.
Everything was so gorgeous.
The water—there was no pollution.
The grass was so thick; it looked like one of those old shag rugs that was so thick, but it was thicker than that.
That's the only way I can try to describe it.
It was like Easter egg basket grass—thick grass that you lose your feet in whenever you run through that cool grass that's really lush and green, not crisp and dead.
But when you run your feet through that real grass and you can feel it, and it feels real soft and cold—that's the way it looked.
That's the way that grass looked.
And I could see it on their legs and their feet as they were walking through it in that vision.
And all the trees were massive.
There were no little-bitty trees; they all looked like massive, huge, beautiful oak trees with beautiful limbs.
And it was the most beautiful, peaceful vision and place I've ever seen.
I only saw a couple of animals like horses running around, but it wasn't like a zoo.
I didn't see animals like at the zoo, like elephants and stuff.
But it looked like some place that was paradise.
Just paradise.
Paradise.
It came out of the sky.
It came out of a cloud, an area that looked like a hurricane.
That's the way the clouds were turning above the atmosphere as it all happened.
It was swirling like a hurricane.
The way it was all turning, it had an eye in the middle of it, and it was pink and purple on the outlines.
It went all the way out, swirling like a hurricane.
That's the way it looked above the atmosphere, and I could see the greens and all the different colors of the flowers.
It was one of the most beautiful things I've ever seen.
I've seen glimpses of heaven.
I've seen glimpses of things, and what He has for us as His children and the believers—what He has for us whenever we get on the other side—is absolutely breathtaking.
The mountains—I told you that day when I went to heaven, He showed me a glimpse of heaven for my birthday, and I saw the mountains and I saw the valleys and the hills and it was the most beautiful thing ever.
Everything was perfect, and Diana was doing cartwheels and she said, "We made it!
We made it!
We finally made it!
" And I remember looking over the edge of the horizon and thinking, "Oh my gosh," the mountain tops were as majestic as could be.
It was gorgeous.
Heaven is mountains—massive mountains.
It looks a lot like Earth—the green trees and all.
Everything is so beautiful.
And the visions and the things that the Lord has shown me—people, you don't want to miss out on it.
You don't want to miss out on it.
It is going to be something to see.
And I know that we are getting so close to His coming.
I know I didn't pray a whole lot today, but it was on my heart to try to diffuse some of the fear that I saw in the emails.
Diana said, "Oh, Brandon, these poor people.
" I said, "Yep.
" So, I want to let you know where we're at, how we believe, how we pray, and how we love you.
We're thankful for every single one of you.
My job is never to stir fear in you; my job is to always point you to pray.
And sometimes I can filter it maybe a little better.
So, God bless you all and we hope this video blessed you.
If you could like it, subscribe, click the notification bell—know that we love you.
Know that we pray for you.
We appreciate you being a part of our YouTube community.
We appreciate you being here every single day whenever you watch our videos and you support us by watching those, clicking the bell, and saying something nice down below.
We appreciate that.
Braden tells me he appreciates it; it blesses us a lot.
And then our China channel is really taking off and Russia is really taking off.
Yes.
So, we're excited about Russia.
We're excited about China.
And Japan is finally getting a little better.
South Korea has always been really strong.
There are a lot of people in South Korea that love the Lord and watch us every day.
So, we're excited about the South Korean channel.
We're praying for you.
You know, when I saw the bomb on the border and all that, they say, "When does that happen?
" I don't know.
All I know is we pray that there will be no war over South Korea and North Korea and that there will be no major outbreak of war.
We diffuse that in the name of Jesus.
Thank you, Father.
Thank you, Lord, for your protection and your provision.
Oh, and I call every one of you healed and whole and well in the name of Jesus, from the top of your head to the soles of your feet.
We call you well from anything that's bothering you.
We thank you, Lord, that you've touched their bodies and we call Canada to have a landslide victory over their elections—that they'll have a supernatural victory and it will turn around for good in Jesus' name over Canada.
And we believe that for all the other elections that are supposed to happen.
We call peace and we say, Father, that the righteous will rise up and go vote.
And you saw what Amy Coney Barrett—whatever that lady's name is, the judge—she voted against us again.
I told you, two judges; we must pray for the two judges.
So these are prayer assignments that you can help me with.
Pray that, Father, they vote and they do right, not do ungodly things.
We don't want gang members all in here raping and doing bad things.
We want those people to go to prison if they want to act like that—MS-13 or whatever.
We don't want all that.
We want peace.
We want people to act like godly people, not act like fools.
So that's what we're after.
Okay.
So, I don't understand these judges, why the four women voted so stupidly.
It's like, what are you doing?
But they did.
So we pray for them, and I told you I saw a demonic spirit trying to get on her.
So all right, I've said a lot.
So I pray that the Lord blesses you today.
Well, put a smile on your face and a song in your heart.
Jesus loves you so much and we love you.
God bless you all and we'll see you again tomorrow.
Bye-bye.